[Music]
all right so far I've gotten a lot of
requests on how to make a mech walk so I
guess I'll go ahead and make a tutorial
of that you can see here that I've
leaving obviously towbars to get
everything to move and when moves it's
out of the way real fast I can kind of
see the the body the legs and then the
feet and you see here I got some jets a
lot more of that in a second
[Music]
and here we got tow bar a couple of jets
tow bars on the foot leg I have one tow
bar going down back into the foot and
one tow bar going horizontal at the
against the hip here
[Music]
pretty easy anyway
move this other way you can speed I have
all these uh panels here to kind of keep
the leg from twisting and trying too
much cause you don't get the legs all
twisted you through there there's a
little toe bar sitting there and you go
ahead and bring this right back up
and you see it connect right in there
and there's a got these panels here
these panels kind of keep it from going
over extending we put that right back
cover it up to the top our socket to
make sure you panels that don't touch
you don't want anything from the body
put anything on the leg or anything from
the foot touch anything on the leg
I like completely independently you see
here I got the propeller that low
propeller there without an engine will
keep the entire main body stable a
little tricky you know that the color
without any engine will keep anything
Bui stable otherwise the whole thing
will collapse over and fall
most of this here is just for aesthetics
take a look cool guns ammo stuff like
that and then you got your feet here
obviously with all these panels make it
again to make sure that nothing gets out
of you know in a way I mean extending
and look here I have on your left foot I
have a Jets facing backward jet facing
down and jet facing backward then I have
even tellers here one of them the one
that you want to use your left trigger
have it as full or push my gun
yeah push and then on the right foot for
your right treasure do pull that way
whenever use the right trigger you
accelerate accelerating will push your
left leg down and the right leg up and
then going in Reverse well do that Bob
that put your left leg forward and your
right leg pulling down we'll see more of
that here in a second I'm gonna paint
these with that alright so here we are
standing here kind of you move around
while we you see here I'm accelerating
and my right leg is blowing obviously
with my Jets wanting to go forward and
up so lift shifting my weight slightly
to one side will release the pressure
from that foot allowing it to move
there's a lot of weight on there so you
got to kind of wiggle your left analog
stick shift your weight it looks kind of
awkward until you get the hang of it I'm
still kind of practicing with it
and he asked but it still works anyway
right trigger of left trigger right
trigger and left trigger cache it to a
board kind of push that weight you know
move it
and that's pretty much how I get to walk
it does like to go pigeon-toed I don't
know why I'm trying to work on that but
doing all right here I change to design
the foot kind of make it look a little
less you see here we got to point toes
taken out but anyway that's basically it
everything else is up to you you can
make it better
walking vehicle this one's more for
multifunction to have guns and walking
take it look cool but a little more work
you can easily walk no problem let's
trigger right trigger so on and so forth
and that's it
[Music]
you